Those familiar with rpminspect's ancestor may notice some of the tests
are not present as rpminspect inspections.  Here is an explanation of
the excluded tests:

TEST_BUILDLOG
    Looks at rpmbuild output for any common error or warning strings
    that should be investigated.  Things like "***", "ERROR:",
    "error:", and so on.  Not a very easy to maintain test and
    generates a lot of false positives.  This is better caught by
    gating tests and other test suites.  Makefiles and other build
    scripts should detect this stuff as a build failure and exit as
    an error which would then filter up through rpmbuild.

TEST_RPMLINT
    Runs rpmlint and reports the results.  We already run rpmlint or
    can in the gating infrastructure, so no need to have rpminspect
    also invoke this tool and report the same results.

TEST_UPSTREAM (only the rebase keyword check)
    The rpmdiff TEST_UPSTREAM check looks at the bug list from Errata
    Tool for any approved bug with the 'Rebase' keyword set.  If this
    is not found and the source archives were found to differ, rpmdiff
    reports that as a BAD where anyone can waive it.  This
    functionality is not present in rpminspect because rpminspect runs
    separately from the Errata Tool.  Checking bugs for various
    keywords and approval settings are things that should be done by
    other tools and processes.  Once the bug is approved and the
    developer submits the build, rebase or not, rpminspect should be
    free to run.  rhpkg or another tool can implement rules and we can
    implement additional gating checks for package rebases if we
    desire.

TEST_ELFLINT
    This test runs elflint(1) on ELF files.  We already have the
    existing ELF tests using libelf and annocheck so this one is more
    or less redundant.

TEST_MULTILIB
    At one point in time we built distributions on multilib platforms
    so that the entire system was available as both 32-bit and 64-bit
    builds.  On applicable platforms, users could have both packages
    installed and flip between using 32-bit and 64-bit software.  We
    no longer make this guarantee and what 32-bit packages we have
    are for BuildRequires or existing runtime support.  Those packages
    can be validated by all the existing checks, but there is no reason
    to ensure the 32-bit and 64-bit builds of a package have matching
    content.

TEST_SPECFILE ($RPM_OPT_FLAGS check on x86 builds)
    In the past our spec files varied wildly across the distribution.
    There were efforts to normalize compiler flags used.  Early on we
    were trying to ensure the 32-bit x86 builds were using more
    optimizations than standard i386 builds.  This check is not really
    relevant anymore, so it has been dropped.

TEST_METADATA (the 'fedora without red hat' string check)
    The substring check of the Summary string and package descriptions
    for any mention of 'Fedora' (case insensitive) without also
    mentioning 'Red Hat' (case insensitive) is a branding matter.  The
    check itself was not foolproof and did not take in to account word
    boundaries of pathnames.  This kind of check is out of scope for
    rpminspect as it provides no technical or security benefit.

TEST_PATCHES (the file and line count thresholds as failures)
    The patches inspection will report changes between patches across
    builds, both the number of lines and number of files touched.
    However, all of these results are reported as INFO and there is no
    support for a line count or file count threshold.  These are
    subjective anyway and impossible to come up with what is allowable
    or not.  The patches inspection does check for malformed patches
    and compressed patches that cannot be uncompressed and will report
    those as well.
